Swept away by the distractions, even they entered in the Dharma at the first place, and that
happened many times in the past, many times happening now, and what happened in the future, and
that also happened to us.
So therefore, this teaching is actually, of course, is highlighted in the guideline how we become
really good practitioners, good practitioners, not just we become the Dharma visitors or Dharma
tourists.
Many times, if Dharma didn't go the Dharma asylum in the direction, in fact, as we teach, as we
pray, then almost we become Dharma visitors and Dharma tourists.
Many of us, we went to the Disney World, Disney World, we saw wonderful things, magic mountain, it
caught, it was called the Civil World, Civil World and all of those, and then even the waters are
jumping, that was very astonishing, spring is really jumping, from the other side of the path to
the other side of the path, that was so amazing,
and my father, we all went together, and he was so surprised, and all of everything is like, the
school is very beautiful, that was striking for him, I go to him, kind of like, he's really jumping
, and all these things, he's wonderful, and it's been good memories, we can say, I'm saying, I saw
those things, it's good things, but really what happened to us, what happened to us,
seeing that, similarly, if Dharma don't go in the right direction, we become like a tourist of Vay
ayana practitioner.
In Vayayana there's a lot of us there, this teaching, during Vayayana, visualization, dissolving,
in so-called one another, it's in one way, it's so exciting, in a way.
He's definitely, in the Buddha teaching said, once you heard Dharma, it will happen, sonar led to
that, but to kind of a practical level, current level, it won't help too much, if Dharma don't go
in the right direction, as in bridge, so for that reason here, his home is highly important here.
To enter the path of Dharma, it's not enough to enter the outer appearance, or the name, outer
appearance as practitioners, or outer appearance as Buddhist practitioners.
We have to merge the teaching through the heart, through the mind, and that many times that
happened, so therefore, we must be let don't fill ourselves on that ditch, ditch that we saw, we
seen, and what is that?
What that will make? It's not going to be changed, except in a way, that individually, become the
then, in a way a loser.
They didn't go on exiling what they thought, and not just only that, many times that happened, then
this also, Vindhama don't go on the right direction in mental nerve, and start to kind of almost
like targeting the teaching.
And the practitioners, the sangha members, and so forth, I mean, his home is also talking that
laugh at the end of this, this, and almost, almost seeing everything is kind of all not correct,
not right way.
All that happened, happened. This is why it's happened, because teaching is not absorbed correctly
into the heart. That means also, there is less joy, less appreciation, less graceful, graceful in
devotion.
All those are lost, and then always highlight also, something fancy things, fancy things, but then
there is no ground, no solid.
And looking up, as in Vindhama, you always, many times, it's like the examples, and we're looking
so much up, and up, like, we can break out, what's called, necks, or columns, looking too much up.
And that really happened, happened. So therefore, to award these things, we must be teaching
absorbed with joy, and appreciation, and devotion, grateful, and look to ourself.
And then we will stand there. This is what it's called, checks and balance. In a way, with checks
and with balance.
And we match stronger and move forward, with vision, with joy, with appreciation. Then everything
is good.
Good, we start with good. We're doing quite okay, which definitely will be okay. Next. Next. So
therefore, here, as is what we said, say, this is what we need to introduce.
And then here. And then there also, we have to, we have to enter, so we have to serve all types of
the desirable things, and to activate the limit of this life.
I'll send you the second, don't you? That, again, of course, you notice. This, our, the desire is
always strong.
Not just of only us, but all of you. We have desire, desire and that. And we have also so many
things, things.
So now, what we need here? We need, what they call, contentment. Content, content, content.
Content, all we feel, happy, we should feel satisfaction, satisfaction and joy, what we have there.
This contentment, actually, is so special. In the, that part practitioner, Buddha Shakyamuni told,
in the teaching, of course this is all teaching, following the teachings of the Buddha.
Buddha, that, but in the teaching says, that means less desire, more content is noble. Less desire
and more content, less desire, and that is really noble.
Because what it makes? It makes more peaceful. Ourself more peaceful. And also, it makes ourself
more joy, more appreciative.
What do you have? Many times, again, as I said yesterday, and as you know, we don't really
appreciate things, but we have.
We want. Always, this desire is something wanting more and more and more. Even if God is not enough
, go on and on and on.
There is a story in the Buddha Shakyamuni taught. Long time ago, Buddha Shakyamuni, before we
become the Buddha, he become one of the very famous king of the universe.
The universe of king, known as Nalendub. Nalendub is a very famous king, universally, in the Buddha
's teaching. It's been long time ago.
Like, countless years before, once upon a time, Buddha Shakyamuni was born as king, known as Nalend
ub.
He was the ruler of all the continents, four continents, east continent, south continent, west
continent, and north continents.
He wrote. It's called "Kholi Jirwa" in the Tibetan teaching. He said, "Oh, Buddha teaches in Kholi
Jirwa."
He said, "The most powerful one is the golden, then the silver, then the copper, then iron."
For example, this king of Shambhala in the teaching said that he is the iron will.
So, according to that category, he is the fourth one. The fourth one is the golden will, who turned
and moved forward his force with that, or his garrison and all the atra with that.
So, and also, when this Kholi Jirwa, this monarch in the teaching said, when they conquered other
countries, all those continents, they don't harm anything.
That's what the great master Basubendu said in the Abhidhana Koshya.
Koshya, this universal kings are advancing their garrisons. Garrisons, the opponents, the first
golden will, they're welcoming.
Just go under them. It's nothing really fighting and violence. Pay. So, and the second and the
third, third is only third and fourth, only what they have to do.
They put those garrisons on the possessions. Positions, by doing that, then there's no other
opponent immediately bow to him.
So, therefore, no really harm or the violence happens in the teaching said.
And that's the beauty and the quality of this powerful kings.
So, the ancient time, this Kholi Jirwa, who ruled all of them. So, now, he is the ruler of all four
continents.
Now, still, he's not satisfied. He thought what to do. He saw, he couldn't rule, the guards ran.
Then he directed his golden will, the tolerance for golden will, up to the top of the mountain, Sum
erus, and all his garrisons and antaracts followed with that.
And immediately, king of god, Indra, welcomed him and received him with his receptions. So, he
became the, in a way, ruler of God.
But now, Indra, because the Indra is, actually also in the Buddha's teaching, had so much merit, so
much good karma, so much good karma, that's why he became the king of Indra.
So, the Malenas karma and Indra karma is equal, equal.
Malenas karma is not higher than Indra.
So, now, in the Buddha's teaching, he said, Malenas and Indra, they bought the city in the same
throne and sharing throne, throne.
And Malena was not happy with that. Happy.
He thought, I wish Indra go away. Indra go away.
The moment he thought that, in the teaching sense, he fall down to the earth. The moment he thought
, when he fall down on the earth, everything has changed.
Even nobody recognized him. Nobody recognized him and he felt so sad.
And we put it away and then he ended his, that one life.
And the Buddha said, who was that? He said, once upon a time, he was born.
Buddha Shakyamuni was born as king of Malena. And he said, the arrows and the thorns of the
discontent and the men, or the decisive factor, they have to share it.
Even he is not enough, the sharing the throne with the end of the earth, that's not enough, he
wished Indra go away.
This is the world. So many things lead. This desire is, of course, always really obstacle.
It makes. If we don't make the balance, if we don't make the contentment, if we don't put the
breath under that, it just carries away.
And that's to use the examples of all the teachings that you saw. I'm sure you read.
This is six senses. It's so hungry. Six senses, I senses, A senses, now senses, now tongue senses,
body senses, and then this mind senses.
It's all too hungry. Hungry. If we don't put the awareness in intelligence to this, it never going
to say, okay, enough.
And then it ended up with so many topics, all the time.
In the teaching using examples, if it's by too much desire and attachment, what happens?
In the teaching sense, then the beasts are trapped in the floors, beasts are trapped in the floors.
And too much desires of the running for the crying for the song, the deers are killed by the
hunters.
I think that's all the story. In Buddhism, it's very story, so always in the teaching sense, these
deers, deers always loved the beautiful song.
I don't know. In West, they said that? No. Not that, right?
But in Buddhism, they say, so there's a lot of stories, ancient art. When the hunters led to hunt
with the deers, they played the beautiful flute, flute.
Well, deers are listening, that and hunters keep them.
So in teaching using examples, too much desire to the senses of the, or crying of the senses of the
ear, then look to the deers, lost their lives of the deers.